README.md, before:

#Trello
##Foundations of Software Engineering - Presentation 2
*created by: Amber Womack & Erik Eakins*

###Table of Contents

- Introduction
- Background
- Trello Details
- Conclusion
- References

------------------------------------------------
###Introduction

One of the things expressed in Foundations of Software Engineering is that software engineering is hard. Since the second day of lecture, the focus has been on the fact that there is no "silver bullet" to make software development improve by an order of magnitude. This doesn't mean that software engineering hasn't improved over the last decade, it just means there hasn't been a single method or tool to make a factor of ten improvement. What the industry has done instead, has continued to develop new software development methodologies and tools. Trello is such a tool that is meant to help with the software development life cyle. 

###Background

"Trello is a free web-based project management application" [1]. The product Trello was originally created by Fog Creek Software in 2011 and recently became its own company, Trello, Inc, in 2014 [2]. Joel Spolsky, founder of Fog Creak Software, revealed Trello at a TechCrunch event, which got the application named as one of "The 7 Coolest Startups You Haven't Heard of Yet" by Wired magazine September of 2011. LifeHacker stated that "it makes project collaboration simple and kind of enjoyable" [1]. 

"Trello uses the kanban paradigm for managing projects, originally popularized by Toyota in the 1980s for supply chain management" [1]. Trello is not only web-based, but also has associated apps supported by iPhone, Android and Windows 8/10. The website version of Trello was designed to be accessible in most mobile web browsers, which gives users the ability to use either the app or their mobile web browsers on their phones or tablets. 

The uses of Trello is found in a variety of fields, including work and personal uses. These fields include real estate management, software project management, school bulletin boards, etc [1].


###References

[1] "Trello", https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trello<br>
[2] "A Special Announcement: Trello is Now part of Trello, Inc", https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trello

Commit message:

Filling in more of the details of Trello

README.md, after:

#Trello
##Foundations of Software Engineering - Presentation 2
*created by: Amber Womack & Erik Eakins*

###Table of Contents

- Introduction
- Background
- Trello Details
- Conclusion
- References

------------------------------------------------
###Introduction

One of the things expressed in Foundations of Software Engineering is that software engineering is hard. Since the second day of lecture, the focus has been on the fact that there is no "silver bullet" to make software development improve by an order of magnitude. This doesn't mean that software engineering hasn't improved over the last decade, it just means there hasn't been a single method or tool to make a factor of ten improvement. What the industry has done instead, has continued to develop new software development methodologies and tools. Trello is such a tool that is meant to help with the software development life cyle. 

###Background

"Trello is a free web-based project management application" [1]. The product Trello was originally created by Fog Creek Software in 2011 and recently became its own company, Trello, Inc, in 2014 [2]. Joel Spolsky, founder of Fog Creak Software, revealed Trello at a TechCrunch event, which got the application named as one of "The 7 Coolest Startups You Haven't Heard of Yet" by Wired magazine September of 2011. LifeHacker stated that "it makes project collaboration simple and kind of enjoyable" [1]. 

"Trello uses the kanban paradigm for managing projects, originally popularized by Toyota in the 1980s for supply chain management" [1]. Trello is not only web-based, but also has associated apps supported by iPhone, Android and Windows 8/10. The website version of Trello was designed to be accessible in most mobile web browsers, which gives users the ability to use either the app or their mobile web browsers on their phones or tablets. 

The uses of Trello is found in a variety of fields, including work and personal uses. These fields include real estate management, software project management, school bulletin boards, etc [1].

###Trello Details

As mentioned above, Trello uses the kanban paradigm. According to Wikipedia's Kanban page, Kanban is a Japanese word that literally translates to signboard or billboards. Kanban is a scheduling system that focuses on Lean manufacturing and Just-In-Time production methodologies [3]. Trello uses boards, lists and cards to organize tasks in an easy to read and understand format for project management. 

**Boards** in Trello represent the overall project. A **Board** contains **Lists** which relate to a list of tasks that need to be completed. These **Lists** are made up of **Cards** that correspond to specific tasks. Each element of a Trello **Board** is broken up into easily organized, easy to read subgroupings. Users that are collaborating on a project have their own personal accounts and share the **Board**. 

###References

[1] "Trello", https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trello<br>
[2] "A Special Announcement: Trello is Now part of Trello, Inc", https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trello<br>
[3] "Kanban", https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban
